feat: Add a section about Daphne in the Django getting started (#2748)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/python/django/2000-01-01-start.md

web: bash bin/start.sh
```

### Using Daphne

> It is also possible to use Daphne as an ASGI server.

Reviewer: suggestion: maybe add a link to the Daphne homepage?

> It is also possible to use Daphne as an ASGI server.
> 
> Here an example start.sh script to use Daphne:

Reviewer: issue: 
- the sentence is not really well written. It's really hard to understand. I don't think it's a very good English.
- it's kind of hard to understand you refer to the `start.sh` script from the previous section
- I am not sure it should be a different paragraph than the previous one.
question: How is it possible to install the `daphne` CLI?

```suggestion
It is also possible to use Daphne as an ASGI server. You can update the `bin/start.sh` script described in the previous section to use Daphne to start the application:
```

```sh
#!/bin/bash

> daphne -b 0.0.0.0 -p $PORT myapp.asgi:application --proxy-headers 

Reviewer: question: are there long options to replace `-b` and `-p`?
